Dear Friend ; Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our letter . This
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 3 ; Section
302 ! This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 42
weeks . Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving
faster and faster plus people love convenience ! Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will
help you SELL MORE plus SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't
believe us ! Prof Jones of Michigan tried us and says
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars"
. This offer is 100% legal . You have no reason not
to act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount
of 90% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Friend ; Especially
for you - this amazing intelligence ! We will comply
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 9 , Section
303 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for
somebody else when you can become rich within 98 WEEKS
. Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone
plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will
help you increase customer response by 150% and SELL
MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you !
But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Wisconsin
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" . We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws . Because the Internet operates on "Internet time"
you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thanks . Dear Internet
user , Thank-you for your interest in our letter .
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately
be removed from our directory . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 4
; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level marketing !
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
within 10 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it & more
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU
SELL MORE and sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us
! Mrs Ames of Montana tried us and says "I was skeptical
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good
standing ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Decision
maker ; Your email address has been submitted to us
indicating your interest in our briefing . If you are
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1620 , Title 2 , Section 302 ! This is different
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich in 59 WEEKS ! Have you
ever noticed people love convenience & nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will
help you use credit cards on your website and sell
more . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you !
But don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Virginia tried
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me"
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws . We urge you to contact us today for your own
future financial well-being ! Sign up a friend and
you'll get a discount of 10% . Thank-you for your serious
consideration of our offer . Dear Decision maker ;
We know you are interested in receiving red-hot information
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 9
; Section 301 . This is different than anything else
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich inside 13 months . Have you ever noticed
most everyone has a cellphone plus nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL
MORE & sell more ! The best thing about our system
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't
believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in New Mexico
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! Do
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 50% . God Bless ! Dear Friend ; You
made the right decision when you signed up for our
club ! This is a one time mailing there is no need
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620
; Title 7 , Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you
can become rich as few as 79 MONTHS . Have you ever
noticed most everyone has a cellphone and the baby
boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will
help you use credit cards on your website plus deliver
goods right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us
. Mrs Ames of Maine tried us and says "Now I'm rich
many more things are possible" ! We are a BBB member
in good standing . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Best
regards ! Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially
selected to be sent to you ! If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
2316 ; Title 2 ; Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich inside 58 days . Have you ever noticed
more people than ever are surfing the web and most
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! We will help you SELL MORE
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe
us . Mr Anderson of Vermont tried us and says "Now
I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are a
BBB member in good standing . For God's sake, order
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of
30% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our
offer . Dear Friend ; We know you are interested in
receiving red-hot announcement . If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail .
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
1916 ; Title 1 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich as few as 14 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed society
seems to be moving faster and faster and the baby boomers
are more demanding than their parents . Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU
use credit cards on your website plus turn your business
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of West Virginia tried us
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich
is better" . We are licensed to operate in all states
! Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and
you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Your
email address has been submitted to us indicating your
interest in our letter ! If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail .
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
1623 , Title 2 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich inside 88 days . Have you ever noticed nobody
is getting any younger plus nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase
customer response by 120% & turn your business into
an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system is
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't
believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in Illinois tried
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed
to operate in all states . Do not delay - order today
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear
Friend , Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ,
Title 2 ; Section 309 . This is not multi-level marketing
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
inside 88 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed how long the
line-ups are at bank machines plus people will do almost
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and
use credit cards on your website . The best thing about
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you
. But don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Iowa tried
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me"
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Thank-you
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear
Sir or Madam ; Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter !
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 4
, Section 303 ! This is not multi-level marketing .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 70 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed society
seems to be moving faster and faster and most everyone
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response
by 150% and use credit cards on your website . You
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't
believe us ! Ms Ames who resides in West Virginia tried
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all
my cars" ! We assure you that we operate within all
applicable laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers !
Dear Sir or Madam ; We know you are interested in receiving
breath-taking announcement . We will comply with all
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 4 ; Section 301 ! This
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work
for somebody else when you can become rich in 68 days
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing
the web and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help
YOU process your orders within seconds and increase
customer response by 150% . The best thing about our
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you .
But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of New Jersey tried
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! You
have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and
you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you for your serious
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , This letter
was specially selected to be sent to you . This is
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 7 , Section
303 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work
for somebody else when you can become rich within 59
months . Have you ever noticed people love convenience
and more people than ever are surfing the web . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will
help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 200% plus
process your orders within seconds ! You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us
! Ms Ames who resides in Arizona tried us and says
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars"
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of
20% ! Cheers . Dear Friend , This letter was specially
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
1623 ; Title 2 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich in 38 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed how long the
line-ups are at bank machines and more people than
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit
cards on your website plus increase customer response
by 160% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson
of West Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate
in all states . You have no reason not to act now .
Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for
your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Decision
maker ; This letter was specially selected to be sent
to you . This is a one time mailing there is no need
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616
, Title 2 , Section 308 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
in 83 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has
a cellphone and nearly every commercial on television
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 150%
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But
don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Alaska tried us
and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible"
! This offer is 100% legal . Don't delay - order today
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks .
Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially selected
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with
Senate bill 1625 ; Title 2 , Section 308 ! THIS IS
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else
when you can become rich as few as 98 DAYS ! Have you
ever noticed people love convenience and people are
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this .
We will help you process your orders within seconds
& increase customer response by 130% ! You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us
. Mr Anderson who resides in West Virginia tried us
and says "My only problem now is where to park all
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states
! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your
friend will be rich too . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman ;
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 8
; Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich in 79 weeks . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers
are more demanding than their parents and more people
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer
response by 150% & deliver goods right to the customer's
doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you
! But don't believe us . Prof Jones who resides in
Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH"
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We urge you
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50%
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer
! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this hot information
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ;
Title 4 ; Section 303 . This is different than anything
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when
you can become rich in 91 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their
bills and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help
you SELL MORE plus decrease perceived waiting time
by 170% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you
. But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in
Maryland tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH"
. This offer is 100% legal . We IMPLORE you - act now
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10%
! Thanks ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing
there is no need to request removal if you won't want
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with
Senate bill 2416 , Title 9 ; Section 309 ! This is
NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody else
when you can become rich in 55 days ! Have you ever
noticed nobody is getting any younger plus nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will
help you use credit cards on your website plus deliver
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us
. Ms Ames who resides in Tennessee tried us and says
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars"
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws . Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Cheers . Dear Friend
; You made the right decision when you signed up for
our mailing list . If you are not interested in our
publications and wish to be removed from our lists,
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ;
Title 4 ; Section 305 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich inside 92 months . Have you ever noticed people
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills
& most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you SELL
MORE & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't
believe us . Prof Jones of Kansas tried us and says
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better"
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! DO NOT
DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you get
half off ! Warmest regards ! Dear Friend , Your email
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest
in our publication . If you are not interested in our
publications and wish to be removed from our lists,
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ,
Title 1 , Section 308 ! This is not a get rich scheme
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
within 51 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it and people
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than
cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this
. WE will help YOU sell more plus process your orders
within seconds . The best thing about our system is
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't
believe us ! Ms Ames of Alaska tried us and says "Now
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal !
We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 10% . Thank-you for your serious
consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman , This
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If
you are not interested in our publications and wish
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 1622 , Title 4 , Section 301 . THIS
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else
when you can become rich in 61 WEEKS . Have you ever
noticed people will do almost anything to avoid mailing
their bills plus nobody is getting any younger . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will
help YOU use credit cards on your website plus turn
your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us .
Prof Simpson who resides in West Virginia tried us
and says "My only problem now is where to park all
my cars" . We assure you that we operate within all
applicable laws ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Best regards
! Dear Business person , We know you are interested
in receiving cutting-edge intelligence ! If you are
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1619 , Title 1 ; Section 304 . This is different
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich within 63 MONTHS . Have
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY
with a credit card than cash and people are much more
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 200% plus
increase customer response by 160% . You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't
believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Idaho tried us
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is
100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a
friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thanks !
Dear Web surfer , Especially for you - this amazing
intelligence . If you are not interested in our publications
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 2 ; Section
303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for
somebody else when you can become rich within 34 months
! Have you ever noticed people love convenience and
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use credit
cards on your website and sell more ! The best thing
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free
for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones of Rhode
Island tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH"
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do not
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and
you get half off . Warmest regards ! Dear Friend ;
Especially for you - this red-hot news . We will comply
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 1 ; Section
302 . This is different than anything else you've seen
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 35 days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone
has a cellphone & people love convenience ! Well, now
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help
you use credit cards on your website and decrease perceived
waiting time by 180% . You are guaranteed to succeed
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us
! Mr Anderson of Delaware tried us and says "I was
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed to
operate in all states . Do not go to sleep without
ordering ! Sign up a friend and you get half off .
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer
! Dear Salaryman ; Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter !
If you are not interested in our publications and wish
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 4 , Section 301 . This
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as
40 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it and most everyone
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! We will help you process your orders within
seconds and increase customer response by 100% . You
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't
believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Nevada tried us
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich
is better" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount
of 40% ! Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for
you - this cutting-edge info ! If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
2616 , Title 7 , Section 301 ! This is not a get rich
scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich inside 15 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody
is getting any younger plus people love convenience
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this !
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS
& increase customer response by 100% . The best thing
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free
for you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones of Arkansas
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" . This offer is 100% legal . So make yourself rich
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and
your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards . Dear
Friend , Especially for you - this amazing news . If
you are not interested in our publications and wish
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 80
days . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more
demanding than their parents & how many people you
know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your
business into an E-BUSINESS & sell more ! You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us
! Ms Jones of Virginia tried us and says "My only problem
now is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member
in good standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks .
Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there
is no need to request removal if you won't want any
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1619 ; Title 6 ; Section 303 ! Do NOT confuse
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich in 31 weeks . Have you
ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than
their parents & nearly every commercial on television
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your
website plus SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us
. Prof Anderson who resides in Florida tried us and
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" .
We are licensed to operate in all states . We implore
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will
be rich too ! God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , Especially
for you - this amazing intelligence . We will comply
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 4 , Section
309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as
67 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has
a cellphone plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will
help YOU process your orders within seconds and use
credit cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson
who resides in Delaware tried us and says "My only
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We
beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get
half off ! Thanks ! Dear E-Commerce professional ;
Especially for you - this amazing intelligence . We
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title
7 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
inside 36 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people are
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash
and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell
more and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Connecticut
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . If not
for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Thank-you
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear
Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in receiving
red-hot intelligence ! This is a one time mailing there
is no need to request removal if you won't want any
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 2516 , Title 2 ; Section 302 . This is NOT unsolicited
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 63 days . Have you ever noticed
how many people you know are on the Internet & most
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods
right to the customer's doorstep and turn your business
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't
believe us . Prof Anderson of Delaware tried us and
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better"
. We are licensed to operate in all states . You have
no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and you
get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration
of our offer . Dear E-Commerce professional ; We know
you are interested in receiving cutting-edge news .
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ;
Title 2 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
inside 51 weeks . Have you ever noticed how many people
you know are on the Internet and nobody is getting
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into
an E-BUSINESS plus increase customer response by 190%
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all
the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Jones of Washington
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! Don't
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get
a discount of 30% . Thank-you for your serious consideration
of our offer ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; Thank-you
for your interest in our newsletter ! This is a one
time mailing there is no need to request removal if
you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in
compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 5 ; Section
308 ! This is different than anything else you've seen
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
inside 84 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone
has a cellphone & people are much more likely to BUY
with a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use credit
cards on your website plus increase customer response
by 140% ! The best thing about our system is that it
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe
us ! Mr Jones of Rhode Island tried us and says "Now
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good
standing . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Business
person , Your email address has been submitted to us
indicating your interest in our publication ! We will
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 1
, Section 305 . This is different than anything else
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich within 37 days . Have you ever noticed
how many people you know are on the Internet plus society
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you
decrease perceived waiting time by 200% and increase
customer response by 180% . You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who
resides in Idaho tried us and says "My only problem
now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100%
legal ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet
time" you must make a commitment soon . Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Professional
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to
request removal if you won't want any more ! This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ;
Title 4 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 88 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it plus most
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this . We will help you process your
orders within seconds and decrease perceived waiting
time by 150% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost
to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides
in Washington tried us and says "My only problem now
is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100%
legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Colleague
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge announcement
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ;
Title 7 ; Section 304 . This is a ligitimate business
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 85 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed
most everyone has a cellphone plus people love convenience
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this !
WE will help YOU sell more and decrease perceived waiting
time by 150% ! The best thing about our system is that
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe
us . Ms Simpson of Connecticut tried us and says "Now
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal !
We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 70% . Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam
, You made the right decision when you signed up for
our club . We will comply with all removal requests
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1621 ; Title 1 ; Section 304 . This is a ligitimate
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when
you can become rich inside 57 DAYS ! Have you ever
noticed nearly every commercial on television has a
.com on in it and people will do almost anything to
avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE
and process your orders within seconds . You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us
. Ms Ames of Vermont tried us and says "My only problem
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100%
legal . If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act
now . Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear
Cybercitizen ; Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our briefing ! This
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 9 , Section
302 . This is different than anything else you've seen
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
in 52 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting
any younger & nobody is getting any younger ! Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will
help you increase customer response by 170% plus deliver
goods right to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't
believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in Illinois tried
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer
is 100% legal . For the sake of your family order now
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10%
! Best regards ! Dear Friend , We know you are interested
in receiving amazing news . This is a one time mailing
there is no need to request removal if you won't want
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with
Senate bill 1619 , Title 5 , Section 305 . THIS IS
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else
when you can become rich as few as 42 days ! Have you
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and how
long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help
you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & sell more
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But
don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of California tried
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! DO
NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 50% . God Bless ! Dear Professional
; We know you are interested in receiving amazing news
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 1
; Section 302 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 84 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone
has a cellphone & the baby boomers are more demanding
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting
time by 110% & SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson
of Ohio tried us and says "My only problem now is where
to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in
all states ! For God's sake, order now ! Sign up a
friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! God Bless
! Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving
hot news ! If you are not interested in our publications
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 6 ; Section
306 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 35 weeks . Have you ever noticed society
seems to be moving faster and faster plus most everyone
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your
website and process your orders within seconds ! You
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't
believe us . Mrs Ames of Washington tried us and says
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed
to operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now
by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and your
friend will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Business person
; Especially for you - this red-hot announcement .
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately
be removed from our database . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 4 , Section
306 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 53
DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people are much more likely
to BUY with a credit card than cash & people love convenience
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this !
We will help you SELL MORE and increase customer response
by 140% . The best thing about our system is that it
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe
us ! Mr Anderson who resides in Idaho tried us and
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better"
! This offer is 100% legal . We beseech you - act now
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too
. Warmest regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the
right decision when you signed up for our mailing list
! If you are not interested in our publications and
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 3 , Section 301 ! This
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich as few as 50 days . Have
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing
the web and people love convenience . Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU
sell more & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson
who resides in New Hampshire tried us and says "I've
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws
. Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 20% . God Bless ! Dear
Friend , This letter was specially selected to be sent
to you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622
; Title 8 , Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich in 94 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers
are more demanding than their parents and people love
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting
time by 120% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But
don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of Kansas tried us
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich
is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing .
Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 80% ! Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen
, Thank-you for your interest in our briefing . If
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 6
; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING !
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
in 41 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people will do
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and nearly
every commercial on television has a .com on in it
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this !
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS
and increase customer response by 140% ! You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't
believe us . Ms Anderson of Florida tried us and says
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! For
the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 90% . God Bless . Dear
Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this red-hot news
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416
, Title 3 ; Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you
can become rich within 34 days . Have you ever noticed
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on
in it plus nearly every commercial on television has
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your
website and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us
! Ms Anderson who resides in Ohio tried us and says
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better"
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws . For the sake of your family order now ! Sign
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Cheers
. Dear Friend , Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our publication .
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 6
; Section 303 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why
work for somebody else when you can become rich within
16 DAYS . Have you ever noticed more people than ever
are surfing the web and society seems to be moving
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the
customer's doorstep & SELL MORE . The best thing about
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you
. But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides
in Kansas tried us and says "I've been poor and I've
been rich - rich is better" . We are a BBB member in
good standing ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Warmest
regards ! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially selected
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our
publications and wish to be removed from our lists,
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 ,
Title 5 ; Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
inside 19 months ! Have you ever noticed nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it plus nobody
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods
right to the customer's doorstep and turn your business
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of
Louisiana tried us and says "I was skeptical but it
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all
states ! If not for you then for your loved ones -
act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount
of 50% . Best regards ! Dear Colleague , Thank-you
for your interest in our briefing ! This is a one time
mailing there is no need to request removal if you
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 8 , Section 302 ! Do
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 55
days . Have you ever noticed people are much more likely
to BUY with a credit card than cash plus nearly every
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep
and use credit cards on your website ! The best thing
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free
for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson of Iowa
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . We
IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 60% ! God Bless ! Dear E-Commerce
professional ; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing
! If you are not interested in our publications and
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 9 ; Section 302 . This
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich as few as 10 weeks .
Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn
your business into an E-BUSINESS and decrease perceived
waiting time by 150% ! You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson
who resides in Alaska tried us and says "My only problem
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member
in good standing ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear
Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this red-hot news
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619
, Title 8 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 31 months ! Have you ever noticed people
love convenience and more people than ever are surfing
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on
this ! We will help you increase customer response
by 200% & SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no
cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Wyoming
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" . This offer is 100% legal ! So make yourself rich
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and
your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Business
person ; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ;
Title 8 ; Section 307 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich as few as 76 months . Have you ever noticed nobody
is getting any younger and nobody is getting any younger
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this .
We will help you process your orders within seconds
plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Louisiana
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This
offer is 100% legal . Because the Internet operates
on "Internet time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too ! God Bless ! Dear
Colleague ; You made the right decision when you signed
up for our database . We will comply with all removal
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with
Senate bill 1618 ; Title 5 , Section 309 . This is
a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich inside 28 DAYS ! Have
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on
in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this
! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website
plus process your orders within seconds ! You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us
. Prof Anderson who resides in Alabama tried us and
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to
operate in all states ! Do not go to sleep without
ordering ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be
rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration
of our offer ! Dear Decision maker ; Your email address
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in
our publication ! This is a one time mailing there
is no need to request removal if you won't want any
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 2116 , Title 1 , Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when
you can become rich in 28 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & nobody
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your
orders within seconds and deliver goods right to the
customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson
of Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH"
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws . We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend
and you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration
of our offer ! Dear Sir or Madam ; You made the right
decision when you signed up for our club ! If you no
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 2
, Section 304 ! This is not multi-level marketing .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
within 38 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed more people
than ever are surfing the web and most everyone has
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! We will help you sell more plus deliver goods
right to the customer's doorstep . The best thing about
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you
! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson of Delaware tried
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me"
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! Don't delay
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount
of 50% ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman , We know you are
interested in receiving breath-taking intelligence
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 9
, Section 304 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 36 days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone
has a cellphone & how many people you know are on the
Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on
this . WE will help YOU increase customer response
by 160% plus process your orders within seconds ! You
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't
believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Rhode Island
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are
licensed to operate in all states . If not for you
then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Cheers . Dear Professional
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to
you ! We will comply with all removal requests ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816
, Title 5 , Section 308 ! This is a ligitimate business
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich inside 19 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents
plus the baby boomers are more demanding than their
parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on
this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website
plus increase customer response by 150% ! You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't
believe us ! Ms Jones of Nevada tried us and says "I
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB
member in good standing . Because the Internet operates
on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign up a friend
and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Professional ;
We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge
intelligence . This is a one time mailing there is
no need to request removal if you won't want any more
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 2716 ; Title 2 , Section 302 ! This is not a get
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich within 47 months . Have you ever noticed
people love convenience & more people than ever are
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! We will help you process your orders within
seconds and use credit cards on your website ! You
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk
. But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in Georgia
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! If not
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear
Cybercitizen ; Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter .
If you are not interested in our publications and wish
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 1627 , Title 4 ; Section 301 . This
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich within 93 weeks ! Have
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing
the web plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't
believe us . Prof Anderson who resides in New York
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich
- rich is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . If not
for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Warmest
regards ! Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject:
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 8 , Section 303 . This
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich in 62 weeks . Have you
ever noticed people love convenience plus most everyone
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . We will help you sell more plus SELL MORE
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all
the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Alabama
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are
a BBB member in good standing ! Do not go to sleep
without ordering . Sign up a friend and you get half
off ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague , This letter was specially
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject:
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from
our club ! This mail is being sent in compliance with
Senate bill 1620 , Title 4 ; Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich inside 44 weeks . Have
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and
people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer
response by 140% plus deliver goods right to the customer's
doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you
. But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of Hawaii tried
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible"
. We are licensed to operate in all states . You will
blame yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks
. Dear Sir or Madam ; Your email address has been submitted
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter !
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 2
; Section 309 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside
46 days . Have you ever noticed society seems to be
moving faster and faster & nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease
perceived waiting time by 140% and SELL MORE . You
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't
believe us . Ms Jones who resides in Mississippi tried
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We
implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get
half off ! God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , Your email
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest
in our publication ! If you no longer wish to receive
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our database
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1816 , Title 4 , Section 306 ! This is not a get
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 42 months ! Have you ever noticed
nobody is getting any younger and people are much more
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well,
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% plus
increase customer response by 150% . You are guaranteed
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Connecticut tried us and
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars"
. This offer is 100% legal ! You will blame yourself
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and
you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thank-you for your serious
consideration of our offer ! Dear Sir or Madam , This
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 1
, Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
in 81 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has
a cellphone plus more people than ever are surfing
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on
this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within
seconds & process your orders within seconds ! The
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames
of Utah tried us and says "My only problem now is where
to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in
all states . Don't delay - order today . Sign up a
friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Best regards
. Dear Friend , You made the right decision when you
signed up for our mailing list ! We will comply with
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2516 , Title 8 ; Section 305 ! THIS
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else
when you can become rich inside 98 MONTHS ! Have you
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the
web & nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you
SELL MORE and increase customer response by 170% !
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson
who resides in New Mexico tried us and says "I was
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member
in good standing . Do not go to sleep without ordering
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too
. Thanks . Dear Professional ; Thank-you for your interest
in our briefing ! We will comply with all removal requests
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1622 , Title 7 ; Section 301 . This is not multi-level
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich inside 40 months . Have you ever noticed
nobody is getting any younger and nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you decrease
perceived waiting time by 160% and SELL MORE . You
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk
! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Connecticut
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws ! We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Friend
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to
you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ;
Title 2 , Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate business
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich in 59 days ! Have you ever noticed most
everyone has a cellphone and nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you turn
your business into an E-BUSINESS and sell more ! The
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames
of Maine tried us and says "I was skeptical but it
worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount
of 30% . Thanks ! Dear Friend , Especially for you
- this red-hot news . If you are not interested in
our publications and wish to be removed from our lists,
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ;
Title 6 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
within 41 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers
are more demanding than their parents plus people love
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the
customer's doorstep and use credit cards on your website
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But
don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides in Indiana tried
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you
- act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off !
Thanks . Dear Colleague ; This letter was specially
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
2216 , Title 8 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich within 88 days ! Have you ever noticed
nobody is getting any younger and more people than
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE
and sell more . The best thing about our system is
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't
believe us . Mr Anderson who resides in Wisconsin tried
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich
is better" . We are licensed to operate in all states
. Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and
you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman
, We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge
intelligence . If you no longer wish to receive our
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 2316 ; Title 1 ; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 47 DAYS . Have you ever noticed
how long the line-ups are at bank machines plus more
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you
use credit cards on your website & process your orders
within seconds . The best thing about our system is
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't
believe us ! Mrs Ames of North Carolina tried us and
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars"
. This offer is 100% legal . Because the Internet operates
on "Internet time" you must make a commitment soon
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer
. Dear Friend , Especially for you - this breath-taking
announcement . If you no longer wish to receive our
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our directory
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 2316 , Title 9 , Section 306 ! This is not a get
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 52 weeks . Have you ever noticed
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents
and how many people you know are on the Internet .
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE
will help YOU use credit cards on your website plus
sell more . The best thing about our system is that
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe
us ! Ms Simpson of Vermont tried us and says "My only
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer
is 100% legal . Don't delay - order today . Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% . Warmest
regards . Dear Sir or Madam , Your email address has
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our
newsletter ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216
; Title 2 , Section 302 . This is different than anything
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when
you can become rich within 42 MONTHS ! Have you ever
noticed people love convenience and most everyone has
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into
an E-BUSINESS and sell more . The best thing about
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Louisiana tried
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich
is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all states
! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 60% . Cheers . Dear Cybercitizen
, Especially for you - this amazing announcement .
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 9
; Section 308 . This is not multi-level marketing .
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich
as few as 33 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone
has a cellphone and nobody is getting any younger .
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We
will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 150%
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You are
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk
! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides in
Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked
for me" . We assure you that we operate within all
applicable laws ! We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up
a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Best regards
! Dear Sir or Madam , We know you are interested in
receiving cutting-edge news ! If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail .
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
2016 , Title 4 ; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich within 47 days . Have you ever noticed
people love convenience & nearly every commercial on
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you process
your orders within seconds and deliver goods right
to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames who
resides in Delaware tried us and says "I was skeptical
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good
standing . For the sake of your family order now !
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too !
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer
.
